---
title: "Contacts"
date: 2019-07-31T10:00:00+02:00
type: "post"
author: "SEG"
---

# Contacts
In the Contacts section of the Cockpit, you can create contacts and manage them in address books.
You can give other Lexgate users the permissions to use and manage an Address Book.

## The contacts in Lexgate
Contacts in Lexgate include address, email, and phone information printed, for example, on consumption receipts and service charges generated by Lexgate.
As a rule, you then create one contact per tenant, resident or company to which you send Lexgate generated files and a contact that you use as sender of these documents.

If you want to allow the contact to login to Lexgate, add one or more users to the contact in the form of an email address.
If a user already exists with this email address on Lexgate, he will be added to the contact without any notification.
If this user, which means this email address, does not yet exist on Lexgate, the new user will receive a Lexgate invitation by email.

If you want to give a contact access to the metering information of apartments, properties, floors etc. which are so called "Groups" in Lexgate, enter this contact under the desired group in the project area.

## Create Address Book
Before creating a contact, please create an address book.
To do this, enter the name of the address book and click.
<button class="btn btn-primary"> + </button>

## Release, name change and deletion of the address book
Click on the Edit icon next to the address book.
<button class="btn btn-primary">Edit</button>
You can now customize the name, description, and share the address book with other Lexgate users.

In order to share the address book to a Lexgate user, enter his e-mail address and assign him a role.
There are two roles set up: addressbook_manager (use, add, delete, and edit contacts in address book) and addressbook_viewer (use contacts in address book)
Afterwards click
<button class="btn btn-primary"> + </button>

To delete the address book, click
<button class="btn btn-primary"> Delete </button>

## Create a contact
Before creating a contact, please create an address book. If the desired address book already exists, create a contact as follows.
<button class="btn btn-primary"> Add </button>
Then select an address book, fill in the details of the contact and click
<button class="btn btn-primary"> Create </button>

## Change a contact
To change a contact click on the name of the contact.
You can then customize the address book assigned to the contact, as well as the other contact information.
When you have made the adjustments, click
<button class = "btn btn-primary"> Refresh </button>

## Create a new Lexgate user (Lexgate Login)
To give someone access to Lexgate, just add the user's email address to a contact.
To do this, enter the e-mail address of the new Lexgate user and click
<button class = "btn btn-primary"> + </button>

If no user exists with this e-mail address on Lexgate, Lexgate will send a Lexgate invitation to this e-mail address. The recipient of the Lexgate invitation e-mail must click the confirmation link in the email that the new Lexgate user can log in.

The Lexate user will have access to the groups (apartments, properties, floors, etc.) in the area of ​​Analysis on which his contact has been added.

## Assign existing Lexgate user (Lexgate login) to a contact
If you add an email address to a contact for which a Lexgate user already exists, the Lexgate user will not receive an e-mail notification.

To do this, enter the email address of the Lexgate user and click
<button class = "btn btn-primary"> + </button>

The Lexate user will now also have access to those appartments, properties etc. (Lexgate Groups) in the Analysis section to which the contact have been added.