---
title: "Documents"
Date: 2019-07-31T10: 00: 00 + 02: 00
type: "post"
author: "SEG"
---

# Documents
In the Cockpit Document Management, you can generate documents generated by Lexgate, such as service charges or consumption receipts
open, change, export and group in folders.
It is also possible to recreate documents such as a letter and save it in a corresponding folder.

## Document Management
The document management in Lexgate offers the possibility to store the metering and energy cost relevant documents in a central location.
Lexgate also offers the possibility to share folders with other Lexgate users.
This significantly facilitates the joint management of real estate.

## Create document
Before you create a document or have a consumption receipt or utility bill generated by Lexgate, please create a folder.
To do this, enter the name of the folder in the text field and click.
<button class = "btn btn-primary"> + </button>

## Share, name change and deletion of a folder
Click on the Edit icon next to the folder.
<button class = "btn btn-primary"> Edit </button>
You can now customize the name and description and share the folders with other Lexgate users.

To share a folder with a Lexgate user, enter his e-mail address and assign him a role.
Two roles are set up: folder_manager (use, add, delete, and edit documents in the folder) and folder_viewer (use documents in the folder)
Afterwards click
<button class = "btn btn-primary"> + </button>

To delete the folder, click
<button class = "btn btn-primary"> Delete </button>